Daming, we've finished our homework. It's time to watch a cartoon. Good idea, Tony.
Let's watch Superman. We watched Superman yesterday. Why don't we watch Spider-Man? It's
more modern. I think Superman is better. He's stronger than Spider-Man. He can fly through
the sky and fight bad people. Spider-Man can't fly, but he climbs up buildings with his
hands and feet. That's cool. I want to be someone like him.
Well, Superman is brave. He keeps fighting bad people. That's a real hero. I don't think
we agree.
Alright. Let's watch Tom and Jerry then. Yeah. I like humorous cartoons. Tom and Jerry
are very funny. I can't help laughing when I watch them. Yes. Jerry is too smart for
Tom. The cute mouse always beats the cat. They fight a lot, but they really love each other.
Sometimes they protect each other and work together. I think there's a lesson there.